Origin trial troubleshooting tweak/addition (#3610)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/web-platform/origin-trial-troubleshooting/index.md

## Chrome DevTools status codes {: #devtools-status}

> * **Expired**: Token has passed its expiration date. The token will need to be renewed, to
> generate a new token with a new expiration date.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Expired**: The token has passed the expiration date. Tokens cannot be automatically
updated, so developers must renew participation in the origin trial to generate a new
token (with a new expiration date).<br>
```

Reviewer: A weird thing about this process is the action "Renew" being tied to participation in the OT, rather than the token itself. "Renew" generates a new token. So I've tried to extrapolate that a bit in my suggestion.

Author: Yeah... I agree. Good call.

[Source code](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/blink/common/origin_trials/trial_token_validator.cc;l=97)

> * **FeatureDisabled**: Trial is currently disabled for use.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **FeatureDisabled**: Trial is currently disabled for all users.<br>
```

Reviewer: @samdutton I'm unclear if this is true. If not, please clarify "use".

Author: Yeah — as you put it, the trial not available for anyone (any origin).

[Source code](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/blink/common/origin_trials/trial_token_validator.cc;l=100)

> * **FeatureDisabledForUser**: This token has been designated as disabled for the current user via an
> alternative usage restriction. See the "User Subset Exclusions" section of [design doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xALH9W7rWmX0FpjudhDeS2TNTEOXuPn4Tlc9VmuPdHA).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **FeatureDisabledForUser**: This token has been designated as disabled for the current user via an
alternative usage restriction. See the "User Subset Exclusions" section of the [design doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xALH9W7rWmX0FpjudhDeS2TNTEOXuPn4Tlc9VmuPdHA).<br>
```

different browser.
{% endAside %}

* **NotSupported**: The origin trial defined by the token is not supported in the Chromium
'embedder': a browser such as Chrome or Edge, a WebView, or some other user agent.<br>
[Source code](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/blink/common/origin_trials/trial_token_validator.cc;l=258)

* **Success**: The token is well-formed, has not expired, matches an origin trial feature, and is
requested from an expected origin.<br>
[Source code](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/blink/common/origin_trials/trial_token.cc;l=84)

* **TokenDisabled**: Token has been marked as disabled and cannot be used.<br>
[Source code](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/blink/common/origin_trials/trial_token_validator.cc;l=103)

> * **TrialNotAllowed**: The origin trial is [not available for the current user](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/origin-trial-troubleshooting/#user).<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **TrialNotAllowed**: The origin trial is [not available for the current user](/docs/web-platform/origin-trial-troubleshooting/#user).<br>
```
